Support Kotlin language/api 1.7 in Kotlin DSL build scripts and plugins (#21910)
gradle/gradle: subprojects/docs/src/docs/release/notes.md

For more information, see [Exporting keys](userguide/dependency_verification.html#sec:local-keyring).

> #### The Kotlin DSL now uses Kotlin language/api 1.7
> 
> While in Gradle 7.x the Kotlin DSL uses Kotlin language and API 1.4 level, starting with Gradle 8.0 it uses Kotlin language and API 1.7 level.
> This change brings all the improvements made to the Kotlin language and standard library since Kotlin 1.4.0 into your `.gradle.kts` scripts and plugins authored with the `kotlin-dsl` plugin.
> 
> Please find below links to the included changes:
> 
> * Kotlin 1.5 [language](https://kotlinlang.org/docs/whatsnew15.html#language-features) / [stdlib](https://kotlinlang.org/docs/whatsnew17.html#standard-library)
> * Kotlin 1.6 [language](https://kotlinlang.org/docs/whatsnew16.html#language) / [stdlib](https://kotlinlang.org/docs/whatsnew16.html#standard-library)
> * Kotlin 1.7 [language](https://kotlinlang.org/docs/whatsnew17.html#language) / [stdlib](https://kotlinlang.org/docs/whatsnew15.html#standard-library)
> 
> This includes exhaustive `when` statements, improved type inference, stable inline classes, improved sealed types hierarchies etc...
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Updated the Kotlin DSL to Kotlin 1.7

Previously, the Kotlin DSL used Kotlin 1.4.
Starting with Gradle 8.0, the Kotlin DSL uses Kotlin 1.7.
This change brings all the improvements made to the Kotlin language and standard library since Kotlin 1.4.0.

The following links explain the changes included in this upgrade:

- Kotlin 1.5 [language](https://kotlinlang.org/docs/whatsnew15.html#language-features) / [stdlib](https://kotlinlang.org/docs/whatsnew17.html#standard-library)
- Kotlin 1.6 [language](https://kotlinlang.org/docs/whatsnew16.html#language) / [stdlib](https://kotlinlang.org/docs/whatsnew16.html#standard-library)
- Kotlin 1.7 [language](https://kotlinlang.org/docs/whatsnew17.html#language) / [stdlib](https://kotlinlang.org/docs/whatsnew15.html#standard-library)

Highlights include:

- exhaustive `when` statements
- improved type inference
- stable inline classes
- improved sealed types hierarchies

```

Suggestion: use a voice consistent with the rest of the release notes. Trim some unneeded verbiage, convert long inline lists to bullet points. Convert asterisk bullet points to dashes -- not all markdown parsers accept asterisks as bullet points.

Reviewer: I updated the above suggestion, swapping out Kotlin 1.7 for Kotlin API level 1.7.

Author: Thanks!

For more information, see [Exporting keys](userguide/dependency_verification.html#sec:local-keyring).

#### Updated the Kotlin DSL to Kotlin API Level 1.7

Previously, the Kotlin DSL used Kotlin API level 1.4.
Starting with Gradle 8.0, the Kotlin DSL uses Kotlin API level 1.7.
This change brings all the improvements made to the Kotlin language and standard library since Kotlin 1.4.0.

> For information about breaking and nonbreaking changes in this upgrade, see the following links to the Kotlin documentation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information about breaking and nonbreaking changes in this upgrade, see the following links to the Kotlin documentation:
```

> For information about breaking and nonbreaking changes in this upgrade, see the following links to the Kotlin documentation:

Reviewer 2: We could consider removing that block, have the highlights and then at the end link to the upgrade guide for potential breaking changes.

Author: Good point! Done
